# Marketing_Department, Case Study
Marketing Department-Optimize marketing strategy by performing customer segmentation
Marketing is crucial for the growth and sustainability of any business. Marketers can help build the company's brand engaged customers grow revenue and increase sales. One of the key point for marketers is to know their customers and identify their needs. By understanding the customer marketers can launch a targeted ad marketing campaign that is tailored for their specific needs. If data about the customers is available data science can be applied to perform market segmentation. In this case study I have worked on bank data set.
The bank has extensive data about their customers. I have assumed one scenario where marketing team at the bank wanted to launch a targeted ad marketing campaign by dividing the customers into at least three distinctive groups. I have applied my understanding and how to leverage the power of data science to perform market segmentation and transform the marketing department but form exploratory data analysis and visualize customer data set. Using plot histogram and KDE to fill out missing data points or null elements for short. Applied K Means clustering algorithms. Then find the optimal number of clusters using the Elbow Method. Applied key means algorithms and cycle learn to perform market segmentation. Used auto encoders to perform dimensionality reduction build and train auto encoder models in carriers. Applied PCH to perform dimensionality reduction using real world data set. 

